1. Tell me about yourself? > Touchbase your highest qualification, experience from NTT DATA to TCS

2. Do you consider yourself Successful? > Yes, EEE > Tester > ETL > BI Developer, but this not a end I have lot more to achieve

3. Are you applying for other jobs > Yes, let's be honest, keep it simple and let's not drag much on this

4. Assuming that you are selected, what will be your strategy for next 60 days?
If I'm selected for this position, I'll use my initial 60 days in undertanding my role carefully in terms of the contribution to the business and increasing the overall profitability. I'll sit with my line manager and other juniors to understand what has already been done and what its impact has been. From there on, I'll formulate my strategy to growth in close conjunction with managers and see that it is properly implemented.

5. How would you improve upon our product/company?
Since I would be coming from an altogether new environment, I am bound to possess a new perspective towards everything here including the company, product, customers, environment, strategy etc. This will enable me to constructively question things which anyone else here might not do. This will help in improving the things and making the product & company better. Having worked closely with product development team I understand how thr research for product development is carried out and how is customer requirement analysed, I would be able to provide a value addition there too.

6. Don't you think, you're overqualified for this position?
I don't think I am over qualified. But, I beleive that I grow everyday when I talk to my staff, customers and superiors. So, basically the learning process continues through out the life.

7. Is there abything that you do not like about last or current job?
I was quite while joining my last job. Towards the end, the number of challenges and opportunity to grow further started diminishing. A challenge loving and growth oriented person like me doesn't enjoy this.

8. How long can you commit to work with us?
I like new challenges and a chance to grow. As long I keep getting these, T don't think I'll need to switch over. Avoid highlighting money here

***Note: As much as possible avoid money factor in the Managerial round

9. You seem to be drawing a good salary, will you be ok in taking a salary cut?
I beleive that at one point of time in career salary becomes secondary and self actualization become more important. While taking up any new job, it will be my priority to ensure that work culture, chances to contribute and grow are sufficient along with the money I am paid. I also believe that any good company who cares about its employees ensure that they're paid well.

10. What do you do to improve your knowledge?
The field of IT is very revolutionary. It is extremely important to keep yourself abreast with the new technological developments and this needs you to take some time out of your work schedule so that you can keep sharpening your saw.

11. Can you perform under pressure?
Most of the times, the job of software development is that of working under pressure. Sometimes, it will be the pressure of delivering on time while it can be that one bug that came as a surprise in the code. So, expect pressure in everything you do. It is important to maintain your performance and develop strategies to deliver under pressure. You can then go ahead and talk about your way of dealing with pressure and performing under it.

12. What irritates you about your co-workers?
In my last 6.4 years of journey as techie, I've worked in multiple projects, met many ppl from higher management to my immediate peers, I've always tried to maintain a good relationship, I've nature to gel easily with ppl, I try max to avoid any friction, if it arises they would prefer to sit and talk with the person and sought it out, try avoiding any chaos that impacts work or surroundings.

13. Is there any particular kind of person you can not work with?
Answer is No, similar to question 12

14. What motivates you at work?
-New challenges
-Good environment
-Appreciation
-Achieving small steps/short goals

15. Will you be happy to work in Night Shifts or Over the weekends?
You need to answer this question taking into consideration what is suitable for you. Say that you can work in the night shifts, only if you can really do it.

16. Have you ever committed a mistake at Work?
To error is human. So, it is perfectly OK if you committed a mistake at work but before answering the question analyse the magnitude of mistake you did and the effect it had on the company.

17. What are the Most important things for you as a teamlead?
Two things for a Team lead to succeed in his role:
-His team should be happy and keep performing
-The project he is working on with his team is successfully finished with minimum problems

18. What is the salary you're expecting?
Answer why you're expecting that range and quote in the range, keep it little negotiable

19. Can you work independently?
Say Yes, I can work independently without supervision or support from a team.
Also say, when it comes to working with team it adds more value / exchange of ideas, peer review, gives enhanced results.

20. What is more important to you Money or Success?
Better to be neutral, in general it is good to say Success, as the money follows Success.

21. What are your Greatest Strengths?
-Transition from Tester to Developer was never easy, my commitment to grasp and learn things has helped me
-Being a interim lead for a while as given me a chance to explore leadership qualities in me.
-Communication skill has also played major role in my past experience
-Good rapport
-In past worked with US and German clients


22. Do you've any blind spots?
-Missing meetings when there are multiple tasks running in parallel
-Procrastination

23. Why do you feel, you're qualified for this work?
-Map your skills to things written on Job Description

24. What makes you Angry?
In my last job, it was frustrating for me when customers would become angry on the phone. Their attitudes could make it challenging for me to communicate with them and resolve their issues. I remember a particular day when I talked with many upset customers. By taking deep breaths, I focused on my response and delivered satisfactory customer service. I understood their frustrations and proposed solutions that helped improve their engagement score
-Team mate coming late regularly

25. May I contact your  present employer for a reference?
Yes please, no objection

26. What was the toughest decision you ever had to make?
-Career path as a Developer from tester
-Review candidates for hike/promoting
